hey ladies I have to go over this
mascara with you if you haven't heard of
it before it is the 3d unique fiber lash
mascara you get a transplanting gel and
you get the hundred percent green tea
fibers so when you apply it you use the
gel and then the fibers and then the gel
and I wanted to show you the amazing
incredible difference that this mascara
makes and I found out about it two
months ago and I loved it so much I
signed up to be a presenter because I
want the discount on it because I will
never use another mascara ever again
I'll never pay for another one of these
ever again I'm a mascara junkie i bought
the expensive lancome mac all the way
down to the colossal and i have to say
that nothing has ever compared to this
mascara this is going to be your mascara
your favorite mascara your go to every
day date night every day it's amazing um
okay so i have regular maybelline
colossal mascara on this I and over here
I have the 3d fiber lash mascara and as
you can see compared this I to this I
the regular mascara eye looks like i
have nothing on I went my whole life up
until the past two months looking like
this and I don't think it's a bad look
but this is wow this is this is great um
the mascara is twenty-nine dollars it's
gonna last you three or two to three
months if you use it every single day
this may be like eight or nine dollars
but you got to apply like 50 coats and
it's only going to last you like a month
maybe so this is the better deal plus we
have a love it guarantee so if you don't
like it within 14 days send it back
um if you love it and you just love it
love it love it you need to share this
with everybody you meet every woman
needs to know about younique 3d fiber
lash mascara it will blow their minds
this stuff is unbelievable it's been out
for two years and I'm just now finding
out about it and I have to tell
everybody about how exciting this is um
it's not just mascara I love my lashes
for the first time um $29 you can buy it
at my link which i'll post above
Michelle's lovely lashes calm you can
join me you can join me on this journey
to the top and I'll teach you my ways of
how I got three promotions in less than
two months got a two hundred fifty
dollar bonus and all my makeup is for
free all of it but if you just want to
try it out first there's the lovett
guarantee so it's risk-free okay so 3d
fiber lash mascara maybelline colossal
um i don't know about you but i would
take this any day and throw that away
and never by ever again it's so simple
to apply anybody can do it I'm
definitely makeup challenged and I can
do it so what you want to do is you
don't have to have a base coat lots of
people use base coats you don't have to
have a base coat of regular mascara i
will never buy another cheap mascara
again um so normally i don't have a
regular mascara underneath i just want
it to show you the difference that this
mascara makes and i mean it's it's it's
amazing i get compliments everywhere I
go and everywhere I go I sell mascaras
it's it pays for our groceries it bought
my daughter a brand-new buy it pays for
all our outings I've been doing this for
two months my
ben is mine blown he cannot even believe
it so when you do go to apply it you use
your transplanting gel first and this is
like the glue that gets it to stick so
you want to just apply it on you can
already tell a difference so it's just
like mascara black you can wear this
stuff with contacts if it gets in your
eyes it's not going to hurt you if
you've ever heard of anybody who hurt
their eyes wearing this with her eyes
turned all red I guarantee you they did
not buy it from a presenter they bought
it it's a knockoff there's no Cosby
where ladies you have to buy it from
official presenter because our
ingredients are all-natural hundred
percent green tea collagen it's good for
you it's gonna help regrowth with your
lashes fibers you just put them on start
at the middle and go to the ends of your
lashes and you can keep applying this
stuff so you let it dry and then you
apply another coat of it if you want to
and so if you're going out and you have
something that you want to go out and
celebrate and you want your eyes to pop
more just keep putting it on and it'll
just your eyes will just get bolder
thicker and longer three hundred percent
increase in length do you see that it's
like magic take the transplanting gel
this parts really important you want to
make sure that you put the transplanting
gel back over the fibers every time this
is not easy putting this on and I can't
really see that well okay it's going to
seal the fibers in if you ever hear of
anybody or anybody says my my my last
years were flaking
they didn't put enough transplanting gel
on I can guarantee they did not seal the
fibers in just keep going till you get
the desired look like i said i'm doing
this in my phone and i can't i can't see
really well but i can tell you it looks
great i'm happy with it if you get
clumps you can use a brat a brush comb
later because a great comb that you can
use this stuff is amazing um $29 it's
going to last you it will last you if
you only use it on special occasions
which i highly recommend you use it all
the time then it's gonna here maybe it's
just the way the camera's position um
it's it'll last you up to six months so
it depends on your use on how much you
use it so this mascara is amazing so i
highly recommend that you all get it and
share it when you get it share it let
everybody know what you found because
ladies want to know about this stuff
okay well that's all i have to say so if
you have any questions post your
comments below and I will answer all of
them thank you ladies